docs: document about global dispatcher and errors (#3987) (#4014)
nodejs/undici: docs/docs/api/Errors.md

| `ResponseExceededMaxSizeError`       | `UND_ERR_RES_EXCEEDED_MAX_SIZE`       | response body exceed the max size allowed                                 |
| `SecureProxyConnectionError`         | `UND_ERR_PRX_TLS`                     | tls connection to a proxy failed                                          |

> Be aware that some errors are created by dispatcher. If you plan to check `instanceof errors.UndiciError` then don't use the default global dispatcher,
> as it may come from another `undici` module and have its own errors classes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware of the possible difference between the global dispatcher version and the actual undici version you might be using. We recommend to avoid the check `instanceof errors.UndiciError` and seek for the `error.code === '<error_code>'` instead to avoid inconsistencies.
```
